who got married on a porch in vegas
[Music]
this is the old girlfriend new
girlfriend
old girlfriend new girlfriend did i
switch him up too fast for you
yeah if you've been following um vegan
activism
it might have been pretty hard for you
to catch it too when james aspie
pulled the switcheroo quote i started
seeing this beautiful woman
six months ago today whoa what what what
six
months ago check your calendars doesn't
that mean that
your relationship with the new
girlfriend overlaps with the
relationship with the
old girlfriend it didn't take long
before we fell in love he says
years before i met nikki i dreamt about
her a dude i tell
i tell all my hosts that every single
and you know what
it's true because it's the same [ __ ]
dream [ __ ] whoever i'm talking to
i'm dreaming about you
every moment he's with nikki blah blah
blah but
the twist is that this timeline
is uh rationalized with his declaration
that he had been in an open relationship
for one year already at that point
so the implied timeline here
is that his relationship with carly
originally
was not an open relationship and then
after some point
for the last year of that relationship
it
was is this cheating look guys there's a
real
real simple test whatever relationship
you're in
open closed conventional unconventional
vegan or meat eating just
just ask yourself if the positions were
reversed
how you would feel about it so like
james
if the positions were reversed if carly
had
hooked up with and fallen in love with
another guy
six months into the same one year
timeline
if she then fell in love with that other
guy and left you for him
how how would you feel about it rules
are easy
just not easy to apply and abide by
equally for all parties people find it
real easy to abide by the rules
when they work in their favor and real
difficult to abide by them
when they cut against their short-term
selfish desires good good luck james
you're not my hero
you're everybody's villain but hey the
vegan movement is doomed
i mean really people like to disrespect
my crew but the fact is that you know my
name and i don't know
you